[Music]
hello this is mk
today's movie is about some medical
students fascinated with the idea of the
afterlife
and begins conducting a risky experiment
the film opens with courtney holmes
driving with her younger sister tessa
when courtney is momentarily distracted
she hits a truck and swerves off a
bridge and into the lake
causing tessa to drown nine years later
courtney is a medical student she is
examining a patient who asks her if she
lost someone
we also meet her colleagues marlo and
ray who are handling a patient that was
just in an accident
courtney is in the library doing
research on the afterlife
she hears another student sophia crying
from being overwhelmed by her work
as well as pressure she gets from her
mother
courtney talks friendly to her and hangs
out with her outside the library
the students are listening to a lecture
from dr barry wolfson and get chewed out
for not knowing what he expects them to
know
during lunch courtney finds her
colleague jamie and invites him to join
her in the basement later
he follows and finds courtney there with
sophia
courtney tells the two that she wants to
perform an experiment to document what
happens to someone after they die
so she asks that they use a
defibrillator to stop her heart for 60
seconds and document her brain activity
jamie and sophia do so and courtney
experiences a surreal out of body moment
in which she finds herself on the roof
of the hospital where she had never been
after 60 seconds jamie and sophia are
unable to revive courtney immediately
and they begin to panic
rey finds them and helps them revive her
with marlowe
the gang sees the scan of courtney's
brain to see that her hippocampus and
amicable appear enhanced
the next day courtney brings bread to
class using an old recipe from her
grandmother
she even answers questions in wolfson's
class that the other students couldn't
have guessed
to wolfson's own surprise later
courtney manages to play a piano piece
perfectly
the others determine that her flatlining
has enhanced her capabilities
however when courtney is alone she sees
a vision of someone
in her tub frightening her jamie decides
to flatline next for two minutes
he sees himself riding his motorcycle
through the city with his ex-girlfriend
alicia
before she disappears in the darkness
after jaime comes back
the gang has a party where courtney and
jaime kiss
courtney later asks jamie if he felt or
saw anything unusual after coming back
to life
but he denies it at the hospital
jamie saves a patient's life by giving
her medicine that the other doctors
hadn't thought to give her
he also starts to see visions of alicia
staring at him menacingly
marlow goes next to flatline for three
minutes she finds herself playing the
violin and swimming and sees murderer
written in blood at the bottom of the
pool
surrounded by jellyfish they bring her
back
and sophia arrives late after being held
up by her mother
despite rey's insistence that they stop
these experiments
sophia demands to go next during her
flatline
she sees herself in a classroom where
she posts nude photos of her classmate
irina humiliating her in front of the
whole class
after bringing sophia back the gang
rushes out when security guards come
after them
but they manage to escape the parking
lot the gang later goes to a rave
courtney sees tessa's body in a car
filled with water before she snapped out
of it
in an extended flashback we see that
courtney was on her phone while driving
which caused her accident that killed
tessa
after that sofia takes jamie to her
apartment and they start to have sex as
her mother listens
sophia then tells her mom that she's
planning to move out and that she can't
stop her
rey escorts marlowe home she talks to
him about a patient she had named cyrus
that suffered a jellyfish sting to the
face
she gave him the wrong combination of
medicine and it killed him
the guilt has haunted her ever since rey
consoles her and they start to hook up
jamie is in his boat and here's what
sounds like a baby crying
he opens up the space where he hears the
crying but there's nothing there
he then gets a call from courtney who
says she saw her sister and is now
freaking out
she asks jamie to come to her apartment
courtney makes a video explaining that
she never did the experiment for science
she becomes terrified as she feels she
is hearing noises
courtney sees tessa again and she runs
to the fire escape
tessa appears again causing courtney to
fall to her death
courtney's friends learn about what
happened the next day
wolfson asks if they knew if something
was wrong with her
but they deny knowing anything worried
that their experiment will get them
expelled
marlow later goes to the morgue to
retrieve courtney's phone
she opens up the drawer with her body in
it and looks at her sadly
jamie is once again haunted by the
vision of alicia
to the point where she stabs his hand
sofia also sees a vision of her being
taunted for having loud sex with jamie
the four watch courtney's video and hear
her screaming moments before her death
they then come clean to what they had
done in the past
jamie admits to abandoning alicia when
she got pregnant because he got scared
sophia confesses that she was jealous of
irina having a higher gpa
so she hacked her computer and sent out
the photos to ruin her life
jamie and sophia set out to make amends
with those that they wrong
sophia manages to find irina and admits
to her what she did and apologizes to
her
irina is hesitant but she forgives
sophia
later jamie goes to find alicia and
meets their son for the first time
he tries to apologize but she won't
listen to him
ray and marlo get into an argument when
he finds out she changed cyrus's cause
of death to avoid facing her mistake
marlow drives away and is attacked by a
vision of cyrus trying to suffocate her
with a plastic bag causing her to nearly
hit restaurant patrons
ray jamie and sophia frantically try to
find marlo after they fail to get in
touch with her
rey finds her car in the hospital
parking garage and realizes where she is
the three rushed to the basement to find
that marlow has already flatlined
herself
she tries to find cyrus and ask for
forgiveness
but cyrus attacks her marlo's friends
try to revive her but she won't wake up
rey grabs a needle and injects
adrenaline into her heart
marlowe starts to get pulled back to
life when she sees courtney telling her
she needs to forgive herself
marlow then wakes up the four give up on
flatlining for good
throwing away the evidence in a laptop
into the ocean
jamie resolves to stay in the area to be
near alicia and their son
the friends go to a restaurant where
they hear the piano piece that courtney
played
they then drink to her memory
you